add script-dump document (#143)
valkey-io/valkey-doc: topics/eval-intro.md

* `SCRIPT LOAD script`: this command registers the specified script in the Valkey script cache. 
  It is a useful command in all the contexts where we want to ensure that `EVALSHA` doesn't not fail (for instance, in a pipeline or when called from a [`MULTI`/`EXEC` transaction](transactions.md)), without the need to execute the script.

> * `SCRIPT DUMP sha1`: this command dump server-side script in the script cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `SCRIPT SHOW`: this command shows the original source code for a script that is stored in the script cache. 
```
